Improved Readme in CLI and EnvRegistry (#23)
capsulajs/capsulahub: packages/cli/README.md

      -h, --help                             output usage information
```

## Example

### HttpFile

Make sure, that you have httpServer running on the port 1111 and you have
a configuration file in `./configuration/workspace.json` (the path is relative to the root of your server).

In order to run the application locally run:

```bash

> capsulahub run --token=http://localhost:1111/configuration --port=8888

Reviewer: ```suggestion
capsulahub run --token=http://localhost:1111/configuration
```

Reviewer: No need to specify port here IMO

Author: It's not required, so we can omit it. I just like 8888 more)

```

> If you want to generate a build with html and js file in it, you should run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to generate a bundle containing the app in order to serve it by yourself, you should run:
```
